Dear Customer,

Thank you very much for purchasing these premium presets HQ Lightroom Presets 505 V.3.4

If You are using Adobe Lightroom 2-3 and you shoot Jpeg you can import JPEG Presets Version 
( folder : HQLightroomPresets Lr2-Lr3 JPEG )

If You are using Adobe Lightroom 2-3 and you shoot RAW you can import RAW Presets Version
( folder : HQLightroomPresets Lr2-Lr3 RAW )

And If You Shoot both, you can import both presets in different folder

If You are using Adobe Lightroom 4-5 and you can import the Presets
( HQLightroomPresets Lr4-Lr5 JPEG & RAW ) it support both Jpeg & RAW format.


If Your are using Adobe Photoshop CS6 above or Camera Raw 7.0 above you can import ACR presets
( HQLightroomPresets ACR Presets )


How To Install Lightroom Presets

It is very easy to install the Lightroom presets

1. After your downloaded the presets in ZIP-file, extract them to a folder in your hard drive.

2. Open Lightroom, Click on Develop Tab ( d )

3. Go to the Left and see the Presets Section and Expand it

4. Right Click on any subfolder inside the presets section, and select “new folder”

5. A new window will pop out and you can give a name, such as ” HQ Lightroom Presets”

6. Go back your cursor to new folder inside the presets section and right click ( pc ) or control click ( mac ), select “import”

7. A new windows pop out, and you can browse out on your hard drive to directory where you put the unzipped presets, you can choose all that you want to import.

8. Clik Open, and Lightroom Presets is ready to use,, Enjoy,,


You can find complete tutorial How To Install lightroom presets on here
http://hqlightroompresets.com/how-to-install-lightroom-presets/


How To Install ACR Presets 

1. After your downloaded the presets in ZIP-file, extract them to a folder in your hard drive.

2. Locate in your hard drive :

Windows  :  Local Disk ( C: ) /Users/myName/AppData/Roaming/Adobe/Camera Raw/Settings -- then copy all 440 xmp file into this folder   (make sure you show the hidden folder from the explorer option )

Mac :  (user)/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Camera Raw/Settings --- then copy all 440 xmp file into this folder

3. Open DNG or RAW file via Adobe Photoshop then seek for the presets tab icon then Voila ! the Presets are ready to use.

You can find complete tutorial How To Install ACR presets on here
http://hqlightroompresets.com/how-to-install-lightroom-presets/


Thank You and Enjoy The Presets !!

HQLightroomPresets.com